[MOB-3621] - 🎉 Unifying native SDKs initialization (#87)
Instabug/Instabug-Flutter: CHANGELOG.md

## Master

> * Adds initializing android sdk from using `Instabug.start` instead of inside the application class

Reviewer: Same as [this](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-React-Native/pull/356/files#r311559176). Any migration steps needed?

## Master

> * Adds initializing android sdk using `Instabug.start` instead of inside the application class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can now initialize Instabug on Android by calling `Instabug.start` from Javascript, instead of calling the builder method from the application class.
```
